docs: Reference document for the Service Factory (#1001)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/services/index.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:
```

The toctree is rendering at the top of the page.

.. meta::

>     :description: API reference for services. In a craft application, the services perform categories of tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: API reference for services. In a craft application, each service is responsible for a different category of tasks.
```

I think this is what you meant?
